I'm down
just just calm down you've got this all
wrong just just listen to me here have
another drink right it'll help I keep
the side a few inches of the target
challenge yourself sooner you answer our
questions
the better the odds we don't miss a
bottle I'll tell you whatever you want
okay whatever whatever you want to know
whatever you want to know what's the
bounty on our heads
you were the half a billion per doubles
ft rated that Confederate supply liner
Serrano himself put up the market
half-a-billion not the head maybe for
you I am worth twice that I appreciate
you being honest with ya but you tried
to kill us telling us widenar you over
bounty hunter this week rano is spoken
one hell of a murder boner man let's go
loot a few Confederate ships earn our
bounty just wonderful
warning range detected warning from all
three detective
you said you searched him don't delegate
important things through the intoxicated
is it just any other thing he touched
crumbles in the dogshit
your mom survived barely yes I know how
the old gal got that limp tell you you
need the crowds here it'd be nice
Oh show me you care you void what door
stuck on something
step aside doc I'll deal with it my way
which one of you shitheads left and over
grenade on the bounty hunter go for it
I'll be right out
booze left on this ship nope
but there is paint thinner in a storage
bag
drink we've got trouble I need you to
excise now
attention everybody caps it on deck
I was following leads on Confederate
supply liners came out of warp and it
was just there
the lyses I'm getting us out of here
warping to a dark matter field try and
lay low until we're not going anywhere
that's the Confederations prize warbird
general Serrano be on board Christmas
come early boys we got us a mass murder
and piece of shit out there waiting on
us to deliver some reparation we're with
you gray Serrano hung us all out to dry
ain't dry no no you're drunk again we
won't last 15 seconds
you've lost your nerve Ishii I honor my
oath to serve you despite your
recklessness but this I will not die for
your revenge gray whore revenge
Ulysses wants to open a communication
check arm forward cannons they'll get
the message
and he you want a mutiny now's the time
no takers
then fire come on let's make Siriano
wish she'd triple that brownie
get it together
you see
okay fine we were all dead man anyway
dead for years now
needed to do this one last thing just
had to make sure we didn't go too
dick every motherfuckin last one of you
with us and the sudden plunge in the
sullen swell 10 fathoms deep